Where is the Orange Bowl ?		4
Name four comic strips about pilots .		1
How does a hurricane form ?		0
Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .		3
How many Fig Newtons are there to the pound ?		5
What Dickens novel has David carrying the message `` Barkis is willin '' to Peggy ?		1
Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?		4
What is Nicholas Cage 's profession ?		3
How many meters are in a mile ?		5
Where do chihuahuas come from ?		0
What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?		1
Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?		1
What actor first portrayed James Bond ?		3
What is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which British troops killed over 3 unarmed Indian protestors ?		1
What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?		5
What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?		3
What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?		1
What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?		3
What is a synonym for aspartame ?		1
What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?		5
What is the name of the woman who was with John Belushi when he died ?		3
How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?		0
What creative genius said : `` Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?		3
How many people live in Chile ?		5
What is the oldest building in the United States ?		4
How does lightning travel ?		0
What does `` Janelle '' mean ?		0
What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med ?		4
Who was the accused in The Trial of the Century , which opened Janurary 1 , 1935 ?		3
What do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?		1
Where can I find examples of legal cases about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ?		4
Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?		0
When was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?		5
What ice creams contain seaweed ?		1
How does an abacus work ?		0
How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?		5
What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?		3
What 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?		1
What is a hydrogen bond ?		0
What is p.m. an abbreviation for , as in 5 p.m. ?		2
How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?		0
What is the location of McCarren Airport ?		4
How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?		5
What does the abbreviation IOC stand for ?		2
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?		5
Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?		3
Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?		4
Who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?		3
How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?		0
When was the first American encyclopedia published ?		5
By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?		5
