wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .		1
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .		0
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .		1
it 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .		0
unwieldy contraption .		0
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .		1
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .		1
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .		0
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .		0
whether or not you buy mr. broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .		1
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .		1
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .		0
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .		1
pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .		1
there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .		0
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .		1
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .		1
-lrb- a -rrb- poorly executed comedy .		0
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .		0
it 's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !		1
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .		0
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .		1
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .		0
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .		0
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .		0
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .		1
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .		1
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .		0
more tiring than anything .		0
you leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .		0
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .		0
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .		1
although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .		1
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .		1
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .		1
` drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .		1
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned .		1
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .		0
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .		1
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful		1
adam sandler 's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .		0
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing		1
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .		1
something for everyone .		1
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .		1
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .		1
is one of this year 's very best pictures .		1
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .		0
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .		1
it 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .		1
the picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .		1
you ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .		0
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .		0
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .		0
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .		0
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .		1
for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .		1
for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .		1
-lrb- scherfig -rrb- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .		1
the thing just never gets off the ground .		0
absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .		0
